There are no special libraries to add with fetch as we saw with the queen.
Actually it was because this is javascript at the very core.
So let's go ahead and add this one in as well.
So we've got another case and this time we need to hook up just as we did with X-ers fetch.
So if the user selects fetch then we're going to go Ajax Ephie and still passing in the URL and now
let's go down here and let's build that function.
Or we can copy one of the earlier ones that we did but we copy X-ers because actually is promised based
as well so use it as our basic template.
So the strictness of cleaning up a little bit.
So with Ajax fetch we're doing Ajax Ephie.
So the method is obviously not going to be X-ers it's going to be fetch.
So let's let's get rid of some of this or we'll type it will get rid of it after so fetch.
Specify that you are ill and this is promis space as well.
So that's where we've got them.
And function.
So this is going to be that first initial response that we retrieve back.
So what's happening here is it's doing fetch going to the L when it retrieves something something happens
and that you are it retrieves some information it initiates the next promise and that's fetching the
response data and it's got a function within it where we can do return and we can do response and it's
got a built in method for it Jason.
So that's what we ultimately want we want to return back as Giese on data.
There's also a catch.
So before we complete it it's always a good idea to catch any errors and we should add that into the
other ones as well.
So we just call it function and grab the air and in this case we're going to be returning back and let's
use our output we'll pass in that error information and we need to have some values here for the response.
And let's do fetch failed.
Let's start customized response.
So over here is if there's no problems then we go ahead and we do a function and we can call this response
as well.
We call it data to be different if we want to add here what we're doing is we're returning our output
and this time because we've got our content within just on format we can return it as a response and
I'm going to mimic the 200 because we know that this was okay and this is fetch Ajax.
So I think we are ready to try that out.
And of course we need to get rid of that part there.
So let's do a quick cleanup of the code see that and open up her browser and we'll see if fecche works
now.
So go down to fetch.
Make the request.
We see that we've got the data Ajax fetch we're able to retrieve back the data.
So everything looks the same.
So we can go to javascript.
The data is the same query.
The data is the same as the data is the same.
So within fetch we've got our response status over here.
It's contained within this main response object.
And because we're taking a response we're turning it into Jaison So we're doing a little bit of a trick
over here.
And normally you wouldn't be returning back the status if you are checking the status to make sure it's
200.
You do that over here.
So this is where you would check status and take some type of action depending on what the statuses.
So that's the difference over there.
And we could potentially pass it through but it's going to add additional coding.
So we're just going to keep it as is because normally you wouldn't be putting that status value anyway.
So go ahead and try this out for yourself.
Add in.
Fetch into our dropdown and get that working.
And next we're going to be adding in post.
So our application is getting there we've got all of the GET requests hooked up and the Post ones are
going to be a little bit more complex but we're going to make it work.
So that's coming up in the next lesson.